= yard-examples-from-rspec

Yard plugin to include examples in the generated doc through rspec

== Installation

In order to install it you just have to install it gem from gemcutter

  gem install yard-examples-from-rspec 

== Description

This plugin simply includes an example tag and recreates it with the source code that corresponds to an example called "works this way". This have to be defined inside a describe block called "#method_name" that, in turn, has to be defined in a describe block with the class name, i.e. the regular way people use rspec when testing objects.

So, for example,

Given this source code:

  class Foo
    ## 
    # This is a foo method with an example
    # @rspec_example
    def foo_method
    end
  end

And this spec:

  describe Foo do
    describe "#foo_method" do 
      it "works this way" do
        this = "is"
        # The code that will be included in the example
      end
    end
  end

A result like this is to be expected
  class Foo
    ## 
    # This is a foo method with an example
    # @example
    #   this = "is"
    #   # The code that will be included in the example
    def foo_method
    end
  end

== Using it

In order to use it, you just have to add the --plugin param plus yours

  yardoc --plugin examples-from-rspec [OPTS]

== Contributing to yard-examples-from-rspec
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jose Fernandez (magec). See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

